hi everyone this is John from the car
company and this is our 2001 Dodge Ram
this is an extended cab short bed v10
engine as you can see the truck spin
lifts it has a 8 inch lift kit 37-inch
tires 17 inch wheels it's a sport
package so the bumper is front and rear
are painted to match get a factory tow
package the truck has these nice diamond
plated auxilary fuel tanks in the bed
stainless steel trim going down both
sides of the truck it's actually a
really really good-looking truck turns
everybody's heads obviously the color to
rare color Dixie Peck tires they are 37
by 13 and a half 17 got plenty of tire
life left custom flame window tint job
there it's got the blacked out cab
lights nice newer headlights fog lights
it's a sharp-looking truck let's go
ahead and take a look inside
with this drug being a sport package is
going to have the nice interior black
door panel wood trim
power windows power door locks power
mirrors this truck does have leather
seats driver's seat in nice shape you do
have very minimal wear just right here
on the outside edge where they always
get it power seat
there's your headlights foglights
they hop up here cruise controls right
here on the steering wheel the steering
wheel itself is in Nice shape let's go
ahead and start this truck up and this
is a no one model eighty two thousand
two hundred ninety one miles this is a
cold start trucks at overnight fires up
runs out great
these V tens are very very responsive
there's your climate controls you've got
a CD player and tape player you can turn
off the passenger airbag if you like to
heat its seats your cupholders are right
here you have two 12 volt outlets this
is just an additional storage or if
you'd like to use it as an ashtray
manual transfer case on the floor you
can see the carpets in great shape this
is the worst thing on the whole truck
the dash is correct which is very
typical of this year truck your center
console opens up you've got plenty of
storage in the side the top of the
center consoles in Nice shape there's no
wear or cracking right here working
where your elbow typically rubs you have
an overhead console storage map lights
garage door opener will fit in there
compass and thermometer nice vanity
mirrors
let's go ahead and we'll pop the hood
let's check out the rest of the truck
rear door panel is in great shape
the rear seats are in great shape these
seats back here they will flip up you
got anyone you know you don't have
anyone running along you need to put
something inside the cab flip them up
you've got your jack and your spare tire
tools right there underneath the seat
you're looking for a three-quarter ton
you want something that Co not like at
every typical truck out there you want
something that stands out you want
something still with decent miles and
something that's close to ten grand
this is it we're asking 10 950 for this
truck
it's a whole lot of truck for the money
when you actually consider it looks like
the doors locked let's go ahead and
check out the engine there is a little
crack right here on the grille
eight litre v10 engine
the truck has an aftermarket exhaust
other than that it's all factory
let's go ahead and unlock the door here
we'll check out the other side
the drug comes right along sounds great
pasture side door panels in great shape
the passenger seat it's in great shape
as well nowhere at all actually on this
side of the seat it's powered just like
the driver's side
rear door panel looks great
for 2001 it's actually a really clean
truck it's been taken care of like I
said the worst thing on it is just that
- right there these dashes can be
replaced
this is John from the car company that's
the car company online.com
if you're interested in this truck
please go to my website first to make
sure it's still available you can call
me with any further questions at six one
four five six three nine nine nine nine
thank you and have a great day